vmalert: allow to blackhole alerting notifications (#4639)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmalert/README.md

  -notifier.url array
     Prometheus Alertmanager URL, e.g. http://127.0.0.1:9093. List all Alertmanager URLs if it runs in the cluster mode to ensure high availability.
     Supports an array of values separated by comma or specified via multiple flags.
  -notifier.blackhole bool

>       No op notifier to be used. `-notifier.url`, `-notifier.config` and `-notifier.blackhole` are mutually exclusive.
>       This is used when there is no need to send notification to external receivers(eg alertmanager etc..)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Whether to blackhole alerting notifications. Enable this flag if you want vmalert to evaluate alerting rules without sending any notifications to external receivers (eg. alertmanager). `-notifier.url`, `-notifier.config` and `-notifier.blackhole` are mutually exclusive.
```
